[SEIN]
Thought so.
c0000001
I know an adventurer
when I see one.
c0000002
A thrilling profession
you've got.
c0000003
I once hoped
to join your ranks.
c0000004
I guess that's what kids do.
c0000005
Dream big, foolish dreams
that always fall flat.
c0000006
♪
c0000007
[SEIN]
When I was younger,
c0000008
I played sidekick to a friend
c0000009
who used to go on all sorts
of little adventures.
c0000010
Foolhardy and with energy
to spare,
c0000011
he was like a gorilla
trapped in the body of a kid.
c0000012
That said, he was a good kid
c0000013
who always cared
for his friends.
c0000014
As we grew up,
c0000015
I forgot our dreams
of braving the unknown.
c0000016
Until he invited me
to join his party
c0000017
and become the real thing.
c0000018
I wonder how different
my life would be
c0000019
if I had only taken
his hand back then.
c0000020
It's been ten years now
since that happened,
c0000021
and I regret it to this day.
c0000022
Hm.
c0000023
And why exactly are you
sharing this with me?
c0000024
Well, my village's
harvest festival is coming up.
c0000025
My brother sent me
into the woods
c0000026
to find some herbs for cooking,
which should've been no issue.
c0000027
But you see...
[grunting]
c0000028
I fell in a bottomless swamp,
and it became one.
c0000029
Hear me out.
c0000030
My biggest regret
was not taking his hand.
c0000031
So, please,
c0000032
don't let yours
be not taking mine.
c0000033
You have a chance
to change my fate, here.
c0000034
Just give me a moment.
I need to think.
c0000035
Huh? You're messing with me.
c0000036
What's so confusing it requires
that much thought?
c0000037
-Your hand is dirty.
-[grunting]
c0000038
I'm gonna drown in this muck!
c0000039
You can wash your hands off
later, can't you?
c0000040
And besides, miss,
c0000041
to a certain extent,
c0000042
we grown-ups
are dirty by nature.
c0000043
Please.
c0000044
I've met countless adults,
c0000045
but none quite
as filthy as you.
c0000046
I must ask you for more time.
c0000047
If you would let me think,
c0000048
I might recall the spell
to pull you out.
c0000049
Got it. But could we
pick up the pace a bit?
c0000050
Let me see.
c0000051
Mistress Frieren.
c0000052
Did you have any luck
finding herbs?
c0000053
Oh. I remember.
c0000054
[gasps]
c0000055
I can take it from here,
thanks.
c0000056
You're so welcome.
c0000057
Sorry for the trouble
my mistress caused.
c0000058
Hey, I'm in no spot
to complain.
c0000059
Your friend there
saved my life.
c0000060
Perhaps. But regardless,
I will scold her later.
c0000061
My night off.
c0000062
Are you folks sure
you don't need to stop
c0000063
by the village before you go?
c0000064
We're busy preparing
for the festival,
c0000065
but I'd like to find
some way to say thanks.
c0000066
We're hoping to reach
a larger town today.
c0000067
Our supplies are low, so we
need a good place to restock.
c0000068
Understood.
c0000069
Well, in that case, be careful.
c0000070
There are a lot of dangerous
venomous creatures
c0000071
out there in those woods.
c0000072
-Hm.
-Good to know.
c0000073
♪
c0000074
Hey, something just bit me.
c0000075
What? You have to be kidding.
c0000076
We were told
to be on the lookout
c0000077
for that sort of danger
mere moments ago.
c0000078
First things first,
let's bandage the wound.
c0000079
[STARK]
Uh-oh.
c0000080
My nose might be
bleeding a little.
c0000081
Any spell that has to do
with identifying poison
c0000082
falls into a priest's realm,
so I'm no help.
c0000083
I don't recognize
this reaction,
c0000084
so the antidotes we have
might not do the job.
c0000085
We should get you checked
at a church to be safe.
c0000086
Now, Fern. For how much longer
can you use your flying magic?
c0000087
I would say we only have
about 30 minutes,
c0000088
since it consumes
a lot of mana.
c0000089
Unfortunately, that won't
get us all the way to the town.
c0000090
We'll have to head back
to that village.
c0000091
Leave moving the patient to me.
c0000092
It's really
not that big a deal.
c0000093
I'm gonna be fine, trust me.
c0000094
My master taught me that
the best way to beat poisons
c0000095
is to just tough 'em out.
c0000096
Come to think of it,
c0000097
I have seen Eisen take
several poison-coated arrows
c0000098
to the back and be fine.
c0000099
It was enough
to knock out a dragon.
c0000100
Heiter was appalled.
c0000101
-You get it!
-No.
c0000102
The only thing that
tale proves is Mister Eisen
c0000103
is very far from normal.
c0000104
What's more,
c0000105
Master Heiter would
always remind me
c0000106
poison's the cause
of 20 percent
c0000107
of adventurer deaths.
c0000108
We should hurry.
c0000109
Why? This is complete overkill!
c0000110
[SEIN'S BROTHER]
I'm afraid you're too late.
c0000111
A few hours from now,
his brain will start to melt.
c0000112
At that point,
it will flow from his nose,
c0000113
and then he'll die.
c0000114
That's terrifying!
c0000115
Please guide us, Father.
c0000116
There must be something
we can do for him.
c0000117
That bite was deadly,
c0000118
and could typically
only be cured
c0000119
if treated immediately.
c0000120
But perhaps my brother
will be able to help you.
c0000121
[door creaking]
c0000122
There you are.
We have a problem, brother.
c0000123
We both agree this new tub
is too small, right?
c0000124
There's honor in poverty.
c0000125
Sure, to a point, maybe.
c0000126
But impoverishing down to a tub
c0000127
fit for fingertips
seems extreme.
c0000128
We have greater concerns.
c0000129
Take a look at this boy
for me, Sein.
c0000130
Hold on.
These are the adventurers
c0000131
I was telling you about.
c0000132
They're the folks
who rescued me.
c0000133
Look at you.
c0000134
You were bitten
by a snake, huh?
c0000135
Glad you took
my warning to heart.
c0000136
[grunts]
c0000137
[gasps]
c0000138
There. Consider my debt repaid.
c0000139
So long. I'm going
to help out at the plaza.
c0000140
All right.
c0000141
I'm not bleeding.
c0000142
And there's no brains.
c0000143
Seems the effects
of the poison are gone.
c0000144
[door creaks and slams]
c0000145
Tell me, Father. Is he...
c0000146
He's my little brother,
c0000147
and quite the priest.
c0000148
[FRIEREN] That holy symbol
around your neck.
c0000149
It's awarded to the most
outstanding priest
c0000150
in a region
by the holy capital.
c0000151
Your brother came in
and instantly cured a poison
c0000152
a top-level healing expert
called incurable.
c0000153
He's no less than a genius.
c0000154
I had a feeling
you of all people
c0000155
would notice, Miss Frieren.
c0000156
I didn't realize
you knew who I was.
c0000157
Mister Heiter told me
many a story about you.
c0000158
He's who gave me this.
c0000159
He came from the capital
to observe us,
c0000160
and I suppose he thought
I was doing rather well.
c0000161
However, I'm still just
a provincial priest
c0000162
in a small village.
c0000163
This medallion
is my greatest achievement,
c0000164
and while I'm very proud,
the truth is,
c0000165
my ability doesn't even
compare to Sein's.
c0000166
You see, we lost our parents.
c0000167
He was just a child
when it happened.
c0000168
Though I was young myself
when they passed away,
c0000169
I raised my brother.
c0000170
When he was little,
c0000171
he would often talk about
becoming an adventurer someday.
c0000172
He didn't want to grow up to be
an ordinary village priest,
c0000173
because he couldn't bear
for all his days
c0000174
to look the same
the way that mine do.
c0000175
He would tell me that
c0000176
with eyes full
of hopes and dreams.
c0000177
That shine has dimmed now.
c0000178
As he becomes more like me
each passing year,
c0000179
his soul is aching
for something greater.
c0000180
So, please...
c0000181
take my brother with you
on your journey
c0000182
and away from this village.
c0000183
It's perfect.
You clearly need a priest,
c0000184
and I'm certain
he needs someone
c0000185
to give him that final push.
c0000186
♪
c0000187
[STARK] Come on, Frieren.
He's an easy yes!
c0000188
The man's a genius.
What is there to think about?
c0000189
Hm?
c0000190
Whatever it is, it can't be
worth risking my brains
c0000191
coming out of my nose again.
c0000192
He would make things safer.
c0000193
And our journey's headed deeper
into the unknown from here.
c0000194
Why are you acting so wary,
Mistress Frieren?
c0000195
Mm?
c0000196
An aversion to my own kind,
I suppose.
c0000197
Yeah, I don't know what
that's supposed to mean.
c0000198
I don't care.
c0000199
I'm inviting him
whether you like it or not.
c0000200
Where's he going?
c0000201
Maybe the bar downstairs?
c0000202
I get the feeling Mister Sein
spends a lot of time there.
c0000203
[FRIEREN]
Of course.
c0000204
[STARK]
Alcohol.
c0000205
Tobacco.
c0000206
Gambling.
c0000207
So at what point does
corrupt become depraved?
c0000208
I'm just getting to know
my fellow man.
c0000209
Care to join us, kid?
c0000210
The name is Stark,
c0000211
and I came to ask you
to join us.
c0000212
We are looking for a priest.
c0000213
[chuckles]
That's a funny joke,
c0000214
but I'm already
a priest for the village.
c0000215
I can't go adventuring.
c0000216
Wait.
c0000217
This could be fun.
c0000218
Take a load off, Stark.
c0000219
If you can beat me at a hand,
I'll join your party.
c0000220
Are you for real?
c0000221
Man of the cloth and my word.
c0000222
[chuckles]
c0000223
[STARK] [laughing]
Please don't do this!
c0000224
Mistress Frieren.
c0000225
I think I just heard
Mister Stark
c0000226
yell from downstairs.
c0000227
[panting]
c0000228
-[grunting]
-[gasps]
c0000229
It looks like someone
robbed him blind!
c0000230
How awful.
Who would do such a thing?
c0000231
-[SEIN] No hard feelings.
-[both gasp]
c0000232
♪
c0000233
We grown-ups are dirty,
and we play dirty, too.
c0000234
Someone's robbed him
blind, too!
c0000235
That someone would be
the village chief.
c0000236
The tyrant's got
Lady Luck on a leash.
c0000237
Sein.
c0000238
I hear that you're
looking for a priest.
c0000239
Look elsewhere.
c0000240
You want to become
an adventurer, don't you?
c0000241
There's a massive difference
between want and wanted.
c0000242
It's too late for me now.
c0000243
See, I should've left
when there was a chance
c0000244
I could've actually found him.
c0000245
And if that's not enough,
c0000246
now I don't even have
the wardrobe for it.
c0000247
[HIMMEL]
Frieren. Defeat the Demon King.
c0000248
Join our party.
c0000249
[FRIEREN]
It's too late for me.
c0000250
It's been over 500 years now
since I last fought a demon.
c0000251
They're battles I've
long forgotten how to win.
c0000252
I deferred that decision
for centuries too long.
c0000253
I missed the moment
this adventure
c0000254
would've made sense for me.
c0000255
Probably because I was
far too cowardly to face him.
c0000256
[HIMMEL]
None of that matters, Frieren.
c0000257
Don't dwell on the past
when you have the present.
c0000258
♪
c0000259
[scoffs]
c0000260
Find someone else.
c0000261
You don't have any idea
how I feel.
c0000262
Please. Your reaction tells me.
c0000263
And frankly, I couldn't
like you less, Sein.
c0000264
[exhales]
Great.
c0000265
-Well, in that case--
-So I've decided
c0000266
you're going to join us,
no matter what.
c0000267
Huh? But why?
c0000268
That makes so little sense
it's scary.
c0000269
You saved me.
c0000270
So toasty.
c0000271
[FERN] I'm truly sorry for all
the trouble that we caused you.
c0000272
Please excuse us.
c0000273
[door closes]
c0000274
How much did it cost
to get everything back?
c0000275
He said we should
take our time
c0000276
and enjoy the harvest festival,
c0000277
then he gave it all
back to me for free.
c0000278
A nice man.
It's your lucky day.
c0000279
He said he didn't know
what to do with the axe.
c0000280
That's kinda sad.
c0000281
Here, Mister Stark.
Put these on.
c0000282
How rude!
Do you have to hold them
c0000283
like they're too gross
for your precious hands?
c0000284
[FERN] I believe these
are yours, Mister Sein.
c0000285
[fluttering]
c0000286
[gasps]
c0000287
Wow, someone's grumpy.
What'd I do to set her off?
c0000288
For starters,
you robbed poor Stark
c0000289
of all his possessions.
c0000290
[SEIN] I told you that
wasn't me. It was the chief.
c0000291
[FERN] People who gamble
are the lowest of the low.
c0000292
I get it. I'm sorry.
c0000293
And to think that man's
supposed to be a priest.
c0000294
Any priest who drinks
is wrong in my book.
c0000295
But Mistress Frieren.
A priest once told me
c0000296
that alcohol
is the very best medicine.
c0000297
[FRIEREN] How dare Heiter
poison your young mind.
c0000298
Regardless of whether he
decides to come with us or not,
c0000299
I do feel that Sein should
become an adventurer.
c0000300
That idea has really grown
on you since this all began.
c0000301
I realized that
it might be nice
c0000302
to give someone
the push they need,
c0000303
just like Himmel the Hero
gave to me.
c0000304
♪
c0000305
[SEIN] For whatever
reason, the adventurers
c0000306
decided to hang around.
c0000307
Their presence has taken up
more than a bit of space.
c0000308
♪
c0000309
They've been trying
to recruit me
c0000310
every day since their arrival.
c0000311
♪
c0000312
I've tried my best
to make them stop,
c0000313
but my efforts
have been in vain.
c0000314
They invite me on adventures
with cheer in their voices
c0000315
and eyes full of hopes
and dreams.
c0000316
Like he did back then.
c0000317
[GORILLA WARRIOR]
The plan is to travel around
c0000318
the Northern Lands for a bit.
c0000319
I'll be back
around the harvest,
c0000320
three years from now.
c0000321
If you aren't ready
to hit the road yet,
c0000322
you can join me then.
c0000323
Let's go on our next
adventure together.
c0000324
[SEIN] Every time
they try to recruit me,
c0000325
I wonder, why now?
c0000326
They radiate hope too bright
for my tired eyes.
c0000327
[SEIN'S BROTHER] You want
to know what Sein likes?
c0000328
For what?
c0000329
We can't seem to win him over,
c0000330
so we're looking for ideas.
c0000331
What does my brother like?
c0000332
Alcohol, tobacco, and gambling
always seem to attract him.
c0000333
We've gathered that much.
c0000334
We're sure
this guy is a priest?
c0000335
Master Heiter
was in good company.
c0000336
All serious priests
like to drink.
c0000337
I'm not sure that I've met
a serious priest.
c0000338
Let me see.
c0000339
What he adores more
than anything is older women.
c0000340
How fitting
of our depraved priest.
c0000341
Older ladies, huh?
Thank you,
c0000342
but I'm not entirely sure what
to do with that information.
c0000343
Hm? Hello?
c0000344
Ah, that's right.
c0000345
You're kidding me.
c0000346
This sickle is too small
to use, don't you think?
c0000347
It can hardly cut grass.
c0000348
Oh, it's you three again.
c0000349
[all gasp]
c0000350
[STARK]
Do you have a minute, Sein?
c0000351
You're still here?
c0000352
Come on.
c0000353
I'm getting sick
of repeating myself, kid.
c0000354
Find someone else.
c0000355
Say, Sein.
c0000356
Wouldn't you like to travel
with an older lady on your arm?
c0000357
Look at who you're talking to.
c0000358
The thought of that
very scenario was why
c0000359
I wanted to be an adventurer
in the first place.
c0000360
[STARK]
What a motive.
c0000361
[SEIN]
I'm on the edge of my seat.
c0000362
Where is this vixen
of which you speak?
c0000363
You've been looking
right at her, Sein.
c0000364
Did you realize I'm an elf?
c0000365
As far as older women go,
I'm as old as you can get.
c0000366
[chuckles]
c0000367
I knew you were an elf.
c0000368
I think my brother
mentioned that.
c0000369
[grunts]
c0000370
You're too cruel.
c0000371
She hardly looks like a woman,
let alone older!
c0000372
He seems so distressed.
c0000373
I apologize.
c0000374
I had no desire
to take it to this level,
c0000375
but you leave me no choice.
c0000376
The time has come to use
the ancient seduction technique
c0000377
taught to me my master.
c0000378
Mwah.
c0000379
♪
c0000380
-Uh, what was that?
-Hm.
c0000381
I blew you a kiss, of course.
c0000382
Maybe you're too young
to appreciate it, sonny.
c0000383
[SEIN] Somebody!
Take this twisted child home!
c0000384
That was way too steamy for me.
c0000385
[SEIN]
What's the deal with you two?
c0000386
[FRIEREN]
That's odd.
c0000387
When I tried the very
same maneuver on Himmel,
c0000388
it knocked him out cold.
c0000389
[gasps]
c0000390
[HEITER]
Himmel!
c0000391
[EISEN]
You are a wicked woman.
c0000392
-How bizarre.
-I'm with you.
c0000393
If I had been the target
of your attack,
c0000394
I would've been
in grave danger.
c0000395
As depraved as he is,
he's still a holy man.
c0000396
And a formidable foe.
c0000397
-[SEIN] That's enough already.
-[all gasp]
c0000398
I'm not becoming
an adventurer, so quit.
c0000399
But I thought that you wanted
to go after your friend.
c0000400
You understand
my reason, brother.
c0000401
Do I, Sein?
c0000402
He promised me that he would
be back here in three years.
c0000403
He hasn't been back for ten.
c0000404
The obvious explanation
is that he's dead.
c0000405
So, you're going to give up
c0000406
without ever going
to look for him?
c0000407
Ten years isn't as long
as you think.
c0000408
The more time that you wait,
c0000409
the greater and greater
that number will grow.
c0000410
You'll wonder if you
could've made it
c0000411
if you had left town with us.
c0000412
[SEIN]
It's too...
c0000413
[FRIEREN]
Too late, you suppose, correct?
c0000414
Don't dwell in the past
c0000415
when you have
the present, Sein.
c0000416
[chuckles]
c0000417
I can't go.
c0000418
Couldn't then, can't now.
c0000419
It's been ten years, and I
still have the same reason.
c0000420
It's not so much that
I would miss this village.
c0000421
I can't leave
my brother behind.
c0000422
You're scared of leaving me?
Why is that?
c0000423
When Mister Heiter came
to observe us years ago,
c0000424
I heard you both talking.
c0000425
[HEITER] Your talent could
take you far, my lad.
c0000426
There's no doubt you
could serve as a priest
c0000427
in the holy capital.
c0000428
[SEIN'S BROTHER]
Me, in the holy capital?
c0000429
Yes, without question.
c0000430
That sounds great,
but what would happen
c0000431
to my little brother
if I chose to go?
c0000432
He'd come with you, of course.
c0000433
[SEIN'S BROTHER]
Understood.
c0000434
Mister Heiter, I deeply
appreciate the offer,
c0000435
but my life here is just fine.
c0000436
More than that,
it's what my brother knows.
c0000437
We tragically lost our parents
when he was young, you see.
c0000438
This village is his home.
c0000439
I do thank you,
but I can't take away
c0000440
the one comfort he has left.
c0000441
[HEITER]
Very well.
c0000442
You're in a tricky situation.
c0000443
I suppose I wasted my time
by coming here.
c0000444
But if I'm already
wasting time,
c0000445
perhaps I'll talk
with your brother.
c0000446
The little ones
always get a kick
c0000447
hearing the tales
of my adventures.
c0000448
My brother had a chance
to leave this village,
c0000449
but he stayed for me.
c0000450
Sein. Is that the reason you've
made yourself miserable?
c0000451
-[slaps]
-[all gasp]
c0000452
You must see that you
and I are not the same!
c0000453
The decision to stay
was mine to make,
c0000454
and I have never
in my life regretted it!
c0000455
Don't pretend that
you can say as much.
c0000456
How long do you intend
to regret your choice?
c0000457
For shame.
c0000458
♪
c0000459
[water gurgling]
c0000460
[SEIN]
I apologized to my brother.
c0000461
Good.
c0000462
Please don't get the wrong idea
about the man.
c0000463
He's kind as can be.
c0000464
He's never once laid
a hand on me before.
c0000465
It just shows how strongly
he feels about this.
c0000466
I mean, I had never seen
that expression on his face.
c0000467
Well, Frieren. You won.
c0000468
I'm going to become
an adventurer.
c0000469
My friend might need me.
c0000470
Ten years isn't as long
as you think.
c0000471
Well put.
c0000472
[inhales and exhales]
c0000473
Looking for him
is my main goal.
c0000474
He's the reason I'm doing this.
c0000475
I'll find that ape
c0000476
and make our ridiculous
childhood dreams come true.
c0000477
I'll travel with you for now,
c0000478
but hopefully,
I'll find him soon.
c0000479
-Take that, fish!
-I'm impressed.
c0000480
♪
c0000481
[indistinct chatter]
c0000482
We're gonna miss you!
Be real careful, Sein!
c0000483
Maybe I should've
asked this before,
c0000484
but where are you headed?
c0000485
Heaven, of course.
c0000486
[SEIN] Is that someplace
you need to work to get to?
c0000487
We'll all end up
there when we die.
c0000488
Even you'll end up there,
Mister Sein?
c0000489
My, what a start.
c0000490
She doesn't beat around
the bush, does she?
c0000491
Hey, at least you're
in it with me, buddy.
c0000492
[SEIN] [sighs]
Good luck to us both.
c0000493
[FRIEREN]
You understand relationships?
c0000494
[HIMMEL] Let's go
shopping together later.
c0000495
[HEITER]
A certain level of maturity
c0000496
comes naturally as we age.
c0000497
[SEIN] Arguments like that
are a privilege of the young.